feat: add known issue about fleet upgrade stuck (#697)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-3-2-to-v1-4-0.md

```

---

### 3. Upgrade stuck on waiting for Fleet

> When upgrading from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0, the upgrade process may become stuck on waiting for the Fleet to become ready. This issue is caused by a race condition when the Rancher is redeployed.
> 
> The following error messages indicate that the issue exists. The manifest pod is stuck in fleet deployed and the Fleet history shows the upgrade is pending with a chart version which has been deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0, the upgrade process may become stuck on waiting for Fleet to become ready. This issue is caused by a race condition when Rancher is redeployed.

Check the Harvester logs and Fleet history for the following indicators:

- The manifest pod is stuck in the `deployed` status.
- The upgrade is pending with a chart version that has been deployed.

Example:
```
